---
ID: 22
post_title: About
author: admin
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: http://www.lumus.ga/about/
published: true
post_date: 2019-03-27 04:08:04
---
<p><b><i>OUR STORY</i></b></p>		
			<h2>About Us</h2>		
			<h1>Lumus website try to provide more information to immigrants who want to farm in regional Victoria  </h1>		
		<p>In the past few years the Australian government has been promoting the role of migrant farmers in crop farming to fill the increasing gap in labor supply in the agricultural sector. With the government providing several incentives to immigrants skilled in agriculture, numerous new migrants are slowly considering starting a new life in the regional parts of Australia, especially in Victoria. However, many crop farmers do not have a proper understanding of the factors that are needed to start a new life in regional Victoria.</p><p>We at Lumus have targeted this pain point and aim to assist such potential farmers by equipping them with the information they need to thrive in these areas. We plan to assist these farmers in taking important decisions associated with crop farming through forecasting techniques. Further, individuals can compare various factors related to agricultural production, exports etc. thereby helping them take more informed decisions. We expect that this will have a lasting positive impact on the lives of thousands of farmers, as well as the improve the state of the Australian agricultural markets over time</p><p>YuDong Chen</p><p>Expertise: Data Visualization and front end development. </p><p>About him: A masters student of Information Technology, he has 2 years of work experience as an ERP consultant in PetroChina. He is skilled in technologies like R, CSS and data visualization. Moreover, he posses strong communication skills and enjoys meeting people from different cultures. </p><h3 style="font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-family: 'Oleo Script', sans-serif; font-size: 25px; font-style: normal; color: #000000;" data-elementor-setting-key="title_text" data-elementor-inline-editing-toolbar="none" data-pen-placeholder="Type Here...">Ranjith Ramayi Rajendran</h3><p style="font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-family: Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 1px; font-style: normal; font-weight: 400;">Expertise: Data Science </p><p style="font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-family: Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 1px; font-style: normal; font-weight: 400;">About him: An individual who is extremely passionate about data science and an avid learner. He posses significant work experience in technologies such as DMBS, Python,R and .Net. He is also skilled in data wrangling and exploration.</p><h3 style="font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-family: 'Oleo Script', sans-serif; font-size: 25px; font-style: normal; color: #000000;" data-elementor-setting-key="title_text" data-elementor-inline-editing-toolbar="none" data-pen-placeholder="Type Here...">YiQing Shi</h3><p>Expertise: Web development </p><p>About her: A MIT student, she has a great passion for coding and UI design. She posses prior experience in web development in which she worked on technologies such as C# and python. </p><h3 style="font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-family: 'Oleo Script', sans-serif; font-size: 25px; font-style: normal; color: #000000;" data-elementor-setting-key="title_text" data-elementor-inline-editing-toolbar="none" data-pen-placeholder="Type Here...">Yu Zhang</h3><p>Expertise: UI design. </p><p>About her: She is an enthusiastic individual who is passionate about system interfaces. A student pursuing her master’s degree in Business Information Systems she posses extensive knowledge about User interfaces and Systems design. Additionally, she is also good at documentation and project management. </p><p>Gaurav Rajan Bhat</p><p>Expertise: Business Analysis </p><p>About him: A performance driven professional with a Master of Commerce degree from Mumbai University. He posses 2 years of progressive experience in the field of financial risk and operations along with relevant knowledge pertaining to Information Systems. He is passionate about learning new things and always tries to stay updated about new emerging trends in the Information technology and financial field.</p>		
			<a href="http://www.lumus.ga/" role="button">
						Go Back
					</a>